Add docs on esc/iac dependency tracking (#13382)
pulumi/docs: content/docs/esc/integrations/infrastructure/pulumi-iac/_index.md

With support for Pulumi ESC built into the Pulumi CLI, you can expose an environment's settings and secrets to any or all of your Pulumi stacks, bypassing the need to define and maintain individual configuration settings or secrets "locally" in Pulumi config files. The optional `pulumiConfig` key enables this.

> {{% notes type="tip" %}}

Reviewer: Curious why we use type=tip here? I've not seen tip used before. We usually do type=info

Author: No particular reason, I can change it to info.

> The `pulumi` CLI (as of v3.139.0) now tracks ESC environments used in stack updates. You can now view which ESC environments were used in your updates, right in the Pulumi Cloud Console!

Reviewer: Add link to Pulumi CLI

> The `pulumi` CLI (as of v3.139.0) now tracks ESC environments used in stack updates. You can now view which ESC environments were used in your updates, right in the Pulumi Cloud Console!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `pulumi` CLI (as of v3.139.0) now tracks ESC environments used in stack updates. You can now view which ESC environments were used in your updates on the Stack Overview page within the Pulumi Cloud Console. 
```

> The [pulumi](/docs/iac/cli/) CLI (as of v3.139.0) now tracks ESC environments used in stack updates. You can now view which ESC environments were used in your updates on the Stack Overview page within the Pulumi Cloud Console.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [pulumi](/docs/iac/cli/) CLI (as of v3.139.0) now tracks ESC environments used in stack updates. You can view which ESC environments were used in your updates on the Stack Overview page within the Pulumi Cloud Console.
```
